# DATA 602 : Twitter Sentiment Analysis on Stock Market Prices
Stock price prediction is a complex and challenging task given the large number of factors involved, such as economic circumstances, political events, and others, that may affect the stock prices directly or indirectly. However, studies have shown that the stock markets are affected by the public sentiments considerably. While more people spend time online voicing their opinions, social media platforms have become a primary source of public sentiment mining. Twitter especially, has caught the interest of researchers working on analyzing public opinions and sentiments in the stock market domain, as it is a rich source of real-time information including societal and personal opinions. 

In this study, potential of Twitter sentiments as a key driving element in stock price forecasting was investigated. According to our research, we found that Twitter sentiments are an influential factor in stock prices movement and prediction of some of the major companies listed on NASDAQ stock market exchange. It was also observed that the measure of ‘positivity’, ‘negativity’, and ‘subjectivity’ in tweets was significantly correlated with stock price movements thus contributing majorly towards the predictive stock price model. 

As the stock market data is a time series data having continuous information, our results indicated that the Long-Short Term Memory neural network (LSTM) model gives state-of-the-art results to forecast the stock prices using tweets sentiments and historical stock prices data. Our analysis resulted in confident predictive stock price models for Apple Inc., Amazon and Google as their stock prices showed a high correlation with Twitter Sentiments.
